All right, in the last section, we have completed the ability to get the information from the Google
API.
We got the information based on the URL to our website and we got to the data in our council and the
market impacted to it to not consume the the API requests.
As you can see, now, we have the data in our console in this section we are going to create.
About 60, and as you can see here in the final build.
So are we going to get two informations, one is the the number of results and also the the the amount
of time that takes to get there is off.
So if you look at the hour, the council.
In the if you open to this object inside, we have something called search information and enter in
the search information, we have 46.
We have this search time, total total results.
And also we have formatted search time and formatted total results.
The difference between them is this one, it's the total, the time.
But this is the rounded to two digits and the two digits here and the formatted result.
Instead of just writing the numbers, it has some comma to make it more readable.
So we're going to get we're going to use these two informations.
To to show it in our website.
So let's go back to visual studio code and inside the search that yes.
So we completed the search in the search results.
We're going to create another component and recall this search
results.
And let's create this component inside this components folder, so search.
And insults Dutch, yes, and we create react functional components using RC.
And let's import it inside the.
That's close to unnecessary files and inside the search, the duchess, we import the file.
Using conference space.
OK, now we should see the search results here.
Now here.
Insert inside this, dear.
We're going to create a paragraph and we just, uh, say about.
You can see that about.
And then if you want to get the results, the result is coming from the.
The props, but we didn't pass it the f, so inside the search such that, yes, we got the results
here.
So we're going to pass it as a props to this component, so here we just see a result.
Results is equal to results.
Now we can get it inside the search results as a prop to.
So I would just say about and be open a parenthesis.
So we open a set of curly braces to write some JavaScript here.
Let's refresh the page, you see the result.
So here we just say results.
Dot.
Search information.
Dot formatted.
Total results, total results.
So this is coming from here.
The you open the object in a search information.
We've got this formatted total resorts.
So now we can see it here, about five thousand eight hundred forty.
Then this is after this we have results are quoted results.
And inside the fantasies, we want to show the.
Then the second.
So here I will show you a trick how to be get this instead of writing all of them, we can just if you
want this fun, we can right click on it.
And we just copy property past.
I think this fight is going to paste everything we don't need to Typekit.
We just at the results at the beginning.
So now we got to this forty four and then the.
We just say seconds.
OK, that is fine.
No.
And let's style it a little bit.
So for styling, we just need to.
For the paragraph we had, for example, we changed the color just to text gray instead of black.
We want it to be gray, but OK, this color six hundred.
And then we want it to be a smaller so we just takes a small.
Then we had a marching pattern of five.
So we the result will be a little bit down here.
We have a space and marching top of three and then we don't want it to just connect to the wall.
So we're going to create it like the one we have in the final version and the final version.
Just pay attention to this one.
So when we see that here.
We have, uh, different types of formatting here, isn't it like this much space and then we have more
space and finally in the largest screen vehicle here?
So let's fix this one based on that.
So in the day, he had a class name.
First, we bring them in the center.
But just same with food and then or auto.
We use this one, but in order to apply, we need to add some other things, like the padding in the
x axis of three.
Now we have this much space.
All right.
But in the bigger than the mobile sites like a small, we want the padding left.
To be, for example, five percent.
So now, if we had a little bit more than mobile science, we should see more space.
Yeah.
Can we have the in the medium sized and above we have a padding left of 14 percent instead.
So let's see, after the media, we see this much space.
And finally, in the large screen, we have padding left of 50 to.
So this is similar to the one here.
So it's going to.
Connect to this place and.
Similar to here.
So in the larger screen, we have like this.
And this is going to get us the result, because the result is going to be inside this diff.
So after this paragraph, so actually we designed our results section as well.
So let's add in other things I wanted to you wanted this title to be dynamic, first of all.
So here.
Instead of just saying search page, I want to get the term I should at a time.
So now we have just search page, so we don't want this.
Let's bring the router so we can get the term.
Inside a client side, so we just say use water from next forest slash router.
And this is should be import.
And then we create the constant throughout the year, which is equal to use rather than here we can,
instead of just saying that the search page as a heart quote, if we can change it to.
We just sit around her.
That query, Dr.
No.
Whatever research you should see at the top now is say hello.
And it's just nice they seem nice at the top.
Now also, we can add something to the justice search.
Page.
The nice search page.
Oh, hello.
So space.
All right.
So let's add this one to the guitar.
So we have we and everything using it at DOT.
We use get commands to add the message and the message would be, uh.
Kerry aides did about.
Occurred about fiction, about data section, and also we modify the title and modify.
The site.
Title in search.
Page, well, just so we push it to get hops using get push.
Let's check it and inside this Google version three, we should see a new.
Commit now.
Let me maximize this, so we have 11 commits to the last one is created data about data section and
modify the title and search page in the first page.
We just in this search that, yes, we modify the title.
Based on the turn of the page, and then we added a property component and we passed this resource to
it.
We create this search results that GST component.
And this is just a day with a paragraph inside it, which is saying about and we got the results formatted
total results.
And also the format is search time.
Yeah, that was it for the about section here in the next section, we're going to complete the results
section as we see in the final version.
So are you going to get like a URL when we get this snippets and we're going to design it based on the
pelvis versus styling like this?
So see in the next section for the results section.